# Command 1: Exclude MP3 files
find . -type f ! -name "*.mp3" -delete

# Command 2: Exclude TXT files
find . -type f ! -name "*.txt" -delete

# Command 3: Exclude JPG files
find . -type f ! -name "*.jpg" -delete

# Command 4: Exclude PDF files
find . -type f ! -name "*.pdf" -delete

# Command 5: Exclude PNG files
find . -type f ! -name "*.png" -delete

# Command 6: Exclude GIF files
find . -type f ! -name "*.gif" -delete

# Command 7: Exclude DOCX files
find . -type f ! -name "*.docx" -delete

# Command 8: Exclude XLSX files
find . -type f ! -name "*.xlsx" -delete

# Command 9: Exclude MP4 files
find . -type f ! -name "*.mp4" -delete

# Command 10: Exclude WAV files
find . -type f ! -name "*.wav" -delete

# Command 11: Exclude HTML files
find . -type f ! -name "*.html" -delete

# Command 12: Exclude CSS files
find . -type f ! -name "*.css" -delete

# Command 13: Exclude JSON files
find . -type f ! -name "*.json" -delete

# Command 14: Exclude XML files
find . -type f ! -name "*.xml" -delete

# Command 15: Exclude ZIP files
find . -type f ! -name "*.zip" -delete

# Command 16: Exclude TAR files
find . -type f ! -name "*.tar" -delete

# Command 17: Exclude PPTX files
find . -type f ! -name "*.pptx" -delete

# Command 18: Exclude PHP files
find . -type f ! -name "*.php" -delete

# Command 19: Exclude SQL files
find . -type f ! -name "*.sql" -delete

# Command 20: Exclude JPG and PNG files
find . -type f ! -name "*.jpg" ! -name "*.png" -delete
